ToDo List (for 0.8.0 release, future for future php):

-------------------- Balance
1)add ressize to crabs --Done. Added new primitive theme, possibility to get naked crabs, themes chance redone and nerf of baseprot (15->10), morale (13->9). Also ressize 4 for them
2)make illhybrids RP cheaper --Done
3)do something with taurs
4)summoning sites are better (but mb not only them) --Done
future) do the same thing to nagas as to illhybrids ---Done
future) fix atlantian flag bearers by making new role or just look at imperial humans for how it should be done ---Done
future) also separate mutated crabs into different role
5)do something with horses being too expensive --- Done, 20% reduction in rp, which went to 50% reduction and then custom system
future) solve problem of atlantian sacreds having bare standard sometimes? Flag parade is still here
future) balance out invisibility. Do something with spiritsighth, or at least define canceinc paths for the trait etc
future) make scouts\assasins possibly invisible lol (probably shouldnt)
futute) php make illitid foulspawns cheaper pr wise. and others php as well, since they spawns must be cheaper than others
6)return missing body parts to foulspawns so they can be used as thugs (everyone has human parts, but no hands - so custom bodyparts in the future?)
7)for horses with burning hoofs change hoof into burning hoof. php add elemental riders
8)check daevas&yazad for them being implemented correctly with adequate RP cost (caeli 41, daeva 51. make them ~20.
daevas are  made through wings, but their rpcost doesnt overwrite the base. ok its not the case, bases are empty. its the wings. specialwings are different actually so idk, but now i change regular ones
so... 3 files for different wings. wow ill hive a nightmare here. btw daevas are 16now, and idk why yazad got additional 10k line from. ok its a race file) -Done?

-------------------- Code
1)remove magic:acces button (or at least check what it do) --Done. problem was already fixed for 0.7.13
2)update nation descriptions and version to NG-N --Done
3)themes should be written in nat descr --Done
future)Extract color used for troops and put it somewhere in DM sebug section at least, or even use in scoregraphs
4) Fix montag units descriptions to not be empty at least + add montag number in it, instead of preview site. It needs free symbols badly
future) description for supplicants
future) i pretty much messed in claculateRP in unit.java so for better performance it should be tweaked. mount1 section returns 0s for unknown reason. Check for chariot role and oversee custom cost gen
ie probably redo this thing. Check if it affects cost of high-ranked commanders (they should have 2rp, but have 1)
5)remove comments from custop cavalry rp cost generation. or just cancel it and adjust cavalry bases rpcost manually

-------------------- Mixed (Hardest)
1)add PREVIEW sites for montag units (foulspawns) --Done
2)sacred power slider now will do something --Done (thnks geepope)
3)generate uwrec units for uwbuild nations.
4)fix an issue with poison slings getting untyped damage when recieving additional effect (so basically CustomitemGen ignores dt_poisin and other and applies 'magicitem' ontop)

//Check soulless shambler, so in future not only void and mutated themes, but also damned. or smth u know
//make different natgen presets for future dom6 and natgenverse




===================Very Far Plans
Stole dragons from alexa, as well, as arcanians
make rus into nacgen
add burning one casters to abysians
add elemental races.
phlegra tyrants (also look at archon) etc to Gigantes
3 headed dragons is the addition to 1 headed. its possible to generate dragons, especially using CoE sprites
tritons, shades, vampires, php mermen&ichtysatyrs. sceleton nations aside dustwalkers, unfrozen php
add presets: dom5, dom5_natgenverse, dom6. u know why

мне нужно сделать всё основное до декабря, а именно:
-0.8.0, те базовую версию генератора коллоний, ибо задолбало играть за увбилд без юнитов. Насколько я помню там ПД осталось и генератор мага + фильтр на железный гир. Сие муторно
-Расширение этой штуки, чтобы можно было делать прибрежные колонии. И возможно рекрут специальных магов в горах каких-нибудь
-После этого мега большая работа и ввод крысорыб + раса тритонов, возможно еще мерманов, но там геморно будет с их ватер шейпом возится
-дальше по плану программе ввод эвентгена и генерации всяких чучел, сюда же относится то, что спеллы и эвенты могут юзать юнитов из наций. Тут гемороище то еще
-На основе вышеперечисленного в темпе вальса делаются попкильщики-фриспавнеры и всякое такое интересное с эффектами на доминион
Еще можно прилепить минимальный генератор богов. там для 1го и 2го доминионов
а также замутить генерацию нац спеллов и предметусов
но это не так принципиально